chore(README): add `easyCLA` (#70)
todogroup/awesome-ospo: README.md

- [CLA Assistant](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant) - Streamline your workflow and let CLA assistant handle the legal side of contributions to a repository for you. CLA assistant enables contributors to sign CLAs from within a pull request.
- [Dr CLA](https://github.com/salesforce/dr-cla) - GitHub bot for dealing with Contributor License Agreements
- [DCO Bot](https://github.com/apps/dco) - GitHub App that enforces the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) on Pull Requests

> - [EasyCLA](https://github.com/communitybridge/easycla) - CLA of LFX Foundation which lets project contributors read, sign, and submit contributor license agreements easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EasyCLA](https://github.com/communitybridge/easycla) - a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) service used in Linux Foundation's LFX platform which lets project contributors read, sign, and submit contributor license agreements easily
```
